README documenting the examples directory of 'scytherP'
-------------------------------------------------------

Created: 27/01/10
Updated: 02/07/10


The examples contained in the same directory as this README file and in its
subdirectories are part of the distribution of the 'scytherP' proof generator
for machine-checkable proofs for security protocols.

The meaning of the subdirectories is the following:

  auto_properties             
  
    These are protocol models serving as a testbed for the automatically
    generated properties that will be reused in later proofs of the properties
    of interest. Among others the models for TLS and KerberosV may be of
    interest.

  comparison_Isabelle_OFMC  

    These are adaptions of the models distributed with the developer release
    0.0 of Isabelle/OFMC (http://www.avantssar.eu/isabelle-ofmc-0.0.tgz). They
    are used for a fair comparison between our and their tools for generating
    machine-checkable proofs.

  clean            

    These are models in a clean state which we use to test changes to our
    implementation. Compared to the version in 'auto_properties' these models
    contain stronger properties (e.g. less uncompromisedness assumptions). In the case of
    KerberosV they also contain a more careful selection of the intermediate
    properties to prove in order to get good verification times (33s with
    auto-properties to 1.7s with selected properties.)
    
  spore

    Here, protocols that we model after the SPORE are placed. The goal is to
    have proof certificates and visualizations for all the protocols of SPORE
    that can be modeled using the free algebra.

  typing
    
    This directory contains experiments with respect to protocols that require
    stronger type invariants than weak atomicity. This is an experimental
    directory and not all protocols may be parseable, provable, and/or
    checkable.
  
  experimental   

    Here, we stow our current experiments. No guarantees for parseability or
    checkability are given.

